README.md, before:

# Seans Hockey Store

This MVP website was built to provided specifications for my college course D287.

# _Java Frameworks_

This project was generated with [WGU GitLab Environment](https://gitlab.com/wgu-gitlab-environment/students/d287-java-frameworks/-/jobs/6984048303)

#### By _**Sean Keane**_

#### WGU Code Review 05/30/2024

### Changes Made For Parts C - J

### Part C Changes:

#### Customized HTML UI for "Sean's Hockey Gear Store
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Line** 14
- **Change Made** Updated the title tag
- **Line** 19
- **Change Made** Updated h1 tag
- **Lines** 43-45
- **Changes Made** Updated part name, price, and inventory
- **Lines** 79-81
- **Changes Made** Updated product name, price, and inventory

### Part D Changes

#### Added an about page and implemented its navigation
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 20-22
- **Change Made** Added navigation element to the About Page
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 56-59
- **Change Made** Added a method to controller to handle requests to the about page
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/about.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created the about page with information about the store

### Part E Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products
- **File** `src/main/resources/applications.properties`
- **Line** 7
- **Change Made** Updated database name for testing purposes
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/bootstrap/BootStrapData.java`
- **Lines** 36-97
- **Changes Made** Instantiated the parts and products for the hockey shop.  The name, price, inventory, and ID's were created, along with saving these items to their respective repos.

### Part F Changes

#### Added functional Buy Now buttons to the parts and products.  Also implemented error handling
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 90-93
- **Change Made** Added a "Buy Now" button next to the update and delete buttons for products
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 51-54
- **Change Made** Added a "Buy Now" button next to the update and delete buttons for parts
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 42-52
- **Change Made** Added a method to handle the "Buy Now" button functionality for products
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 56-54
- **Change Made** Added a method to handle the "Buy Now" button functionality for parts
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/ProductService.java`
- **Lines** 12
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the ProductService file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/ProductServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines** 60-71
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the ProductServiceImpl file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase and saves the updated products.
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartService.java`
- **Lines** 12
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the PartService file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines** 60-71
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the PartServiceImpl file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase and saves the updated parts.
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyPartError.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created error handling file for a failed purchase of a part
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyProductError.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created error handling file for a failed purchase of a product
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyProductSuccess.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created confirmation message file for a successful purchase of a product
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyPartSuccess.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created confirmation message file for a successful purchase of a part

### Part G Changes

#### Added logic to adapt maximum and minimum inventory for the frontend user
- **File**`src/main/java/com.example.demo/domain/Part.java`
- **Lines**: 1-5
- **Change Made**: Added import statements for `ValidInventory`.
- **Lines**: 9-10
- **Change Made**: Added the `@ValidInventory` annotation to enforce inventory validation.
- **Lines**: 17-25
- **Change Made**: Added fields for `minInv` and `maxInv` with getters and setters. Added the `@NotNull` and `@Min` annotations
- **Lines**: 67-73
- **Change Made**: Added getters and setters for the `minInv` and `maxInv` fields
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/bootstrap/BootStrapData.java`
- **Lines**: 73-83
- **Change Made**: Added Min and Max values to all the parts
- **File**: `src/main/resources/templates/InhousePartForm.html`
- **Lines**: 34-44
- **Change Made**: Added input fields for `minInv` and `maxInv`
- **File**: `src/main/resources/application.properties`
- **Lines**: 5-6
- **Change**: Updated the datasource URL to point to newly named database
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines**: 52-57
- **Change Made**: Added validation to the save method to ensure the inventory is between the `min` and `max` values
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/validators/validInventory.java`
- **Lines**: New File
- **Change Made**: Created a custom annotation for inventory validation
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/validators/InventoryValidator.java`
- **Lines**: New File
- **Change Made**: Created logic for the custom inventory validator
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/productForm.html`
- **Lines**: 14-20, 22-28, 30-36
- **Change Made**: Added descriptors next to text boxes for easier updating/navigation
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/productForm.html`
- **Lines**: 74-75
- **Change Made**: Uncommented navigation to main screen for intuitive workflow


### Part H Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

### Part I Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

### Part J Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Java

## Description
_This is a project I created for my B.S. in Software Engineering that takes an SVG of a world map and displays relevant information based on user clicks.  It is a single page application with the map centered on the page.   Clicking on a country will display the Name, Capital, Region, Income Level, Lending Type, and Coordinates.  Developing this application helped me grow my understanding of TypeScript, Angular, HTML, and CSS._


## Setup/Installation Requirements

1) Clone this repository to your desktop.
2) Navigate to the now installed directory and open in your editor of choice.
3) Run the project by clicking the play button.  This is next to 'DemoApplication' in the top right of the IDE.
4) Open your browser of choice and navigate to `http://localhost:8080/mainscreen`.

## Project can be found at:
https://github.com/CanadianRunner/World-Map

## Known Bugs

* No known bugs.

## License

If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me at code@sean-keane.com

## SVG World Map Used:

* https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:BlankMap-World.svg

## API Used for facts about each country

* https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/articles/898590-country-api-queries

*This is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 05-30-2024 **_Sean Keane_**

Commit message:

Added min/max fields to the outSourcedPartForm, cleaned up solution, and added mainscreen navigation to the about page.

README.md, after:

# Seans Hockey Store

This MVP website was built to provided specifications for my college course D287.

# _Java Frameworks_

This project was generated with [WGU GitLab Environment](https://gitlab.com/wgu-gitlab-environment/students/d287-java-frameworks/-/jobs/6984048303)

#### By _**Sean Keane**_

#### WGU Code Review 05/30/2024

### Changes Made For Parts C - J

### Part C Changes:

#### Customized HTML UI for "Sean's Hockey Gear Store
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Line** 14
- **Change Made** Updated the title tag
- **Line** 19
- **Change Made** Updated h1 tag
- **Lines** 43-45
- **Changes Made** Updated part name, price, and inventory
- **Lines** 79-81
- **Changes Made** Updated product name, price, and inventory

### Part D Changes

#### Added an about page and implemented its navigation
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 20-22
- **Change Made** Added navigation element to the About Page
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 56-59
- **Change Made** Added a method to controller to handle requests to the about page
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/about.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created the about page with information about the store

### Part E Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products
- **File** `src/main/resources/applications.properties`
- **Line** 7
- **Change Made** Updated database name for testing purposes
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/bootstrap/BootStrapData.java`
- **Lines** 36-97
- **Changes Made** Instantiated the parts and products for the hockey shop.  The name, price, inventory, and ID's were created, along with saving these items to their respective repos.

### Part F Changes

#### Added functional Buy Now buttons to the parts and products.  Also implemented error handling
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 90-93
- **Change Made** Added a "Buy Now" button next to the update and delete buttons for products
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/mainscreen.html`
- **Lines** 51-54
- **Change Made** Added a "Buy Now" button next to the update and delete buttons for parts
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 42-52
- **Change Made** Added a method to handle the "Buy Now" button functionality for products
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/controllers/MainScreenControllerr`
- **Lines** 56-54
- **Change Made** Added a method to handle the "Buy Now" button functionality for parts
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/ProductService.java`
- **Lines** 12
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the ProductService file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/ProductServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines** 60-71
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the ProductServiceImpl file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase and saves the updated products.
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartService.java`
- **Lines** 12
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the PartService file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines** 60-71
- **Change Made** Added the decrementInventory method to the PartServiceImpl file to handle decrementing inventory after purchase and saves the updated parts.
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyPartError.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created error handling file for a failed purchase of a part
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyProductError.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created error handling file for a failed purchase of a product
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyProductSuccess.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created confirmation message file for a successful purchase of a product
- **File** `src/main/resources/templates/buyPartSuccess.html`
- **Lines** New File
- **Change Made** Created confirmation message file for a successful purchase of a part

### Part G Changes

#### Added logic to adapt maximum and minimum inventory for the frontend user
- **File**`src/main/java/com.example.demo/domain/Part.java`
- **Lines**: 1-5
- **Change Made**: Added import statements for `ValidInventory`.
- **Lines**: 9-10
- **Change Made**: Added the `@ValidInventory` annotation to enforce inventory validation.
- **Lines**: 17-25
- **Change Made**: Added fields for `minInv` and `maxInv` with getters and setters. Added the `@NotNull` and `@Min` annotations
- **Lines**: 67-73
- **Change Made**: Added getters and setters for the `minInv` and `maxInv` fields
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/bootstrap/BootStrapData.java`
- **Lines**: 73-83
- **Change Made**: Added Min and Max values to all the parts
- **File**: `src/main/resources/templates/InhousePartForm.html`
- **Lines**: 34-44
- **Change Made**: Added input fields for `minInv` and `maxInv`
- **File**: `src/main/resources/application.properties`
- **Lines**: 5-6
- **Change**: Updated the datasource URL to point to newly named database
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/service/PartServiceImpl.java`
- **Lines**: 52-57
- **Change Made**: Added validation to the save method to ensure the inventory is between the `min` and `max` values
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/validators/validInventory.java`
- **Lines**: New File
- **Change Made**: Created a custom annotation for inventory validation
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/validators/InventoryValidator.java`
- **Lines**: New File
- **Change Made**: Created logic for the custom inventory validator
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/productForm.html`
- **Lines**: 14-20, 22-28, 30-36
- **Change Made**: Added descriptors next to text boxes for easier updating/navigation
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/productForm.html`
- **Lines**: 74-75
- **Change Made**: Uncommented navigation to main screen for intuitive workflow
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/OutsourcedPartForm.html`
- **Lines**: 14-51
- **Change Made**: Added labels and inputs for the minInv and maxInv
- **File** `src/main/java/com.example.demo/templates/OutsourcedPartForm.html`
- **Lines**: 14-51
- **Change Made**: Added labels and inputs for the minInv and maxInv


### Part H Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

### Part I Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

### Part J Changes

#### Created sample inventory with five parts and five products

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Java

## Description
_This is a project I created for my B.S. in Software Engineering that takes an SVG of a world map and displays relevant information based on user clicks.  It is a single page application with the map centered on the page.   Clicking on a country will display the Name, Capital, Region, Income Level, Lending Type, and Coordinates.  Developing this application helped me grow my understanding of TypeScript, Angular, HTML, and CSS._


## Setup/Installation Requirements

1) Clone this repository to your desktop.
2) Navigate to the now installed directory and open in your editor of choice.
3) Run the project by clicking the play button.  This is next to 'DemoApplication' in the top right of the IDE.
4) Open your browser of choice and navigate to `http://localhost:8080/mainscreen`.

## Project can be found at:
https://github.com/CanadianRunner/World-Map

## Known Bugs

* No known bugs.

## License

If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact me at code@sean-keane.com

## SVG World Map Used:

* https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:BlankMap-World.svg

## API Used for facts about each country

* https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/articles/898590-country-api-queries

*This is licensed under the MIT license*

Copyright (c) 05-30-2024 **_Sean Keane_**
